actually say that he didn't like it, so Pooh very kindly sang the second
verse to him:

    Cottleston, Cottleston, Cottleston Pie,
    A fish can't whistle and neither can I.
    Ask me a riddle and I reply:
    "_Cottleston, Cottleston, Cottleston Pie_."

Eeyore still said nothing at all, so Pooh hummed the third verse quietly
to himself:

    Cottleston, Cottleston, Cottleston Pie,
    Why does a chicken, I don't know why.
    Ask me a riddle and I reply:
    "_Cottleston, Cottleston, Cottleston Pie_."

"That's right," said Eeyore. "Sing. Umty-tiddly, umty-too. Here we go
gathering Nuts and May. Enjoy yourself."

"I am," said Pooh.

"Some can," said Eeyore.

"Why, what's the matter?"

"_Is_ anything the matter?"

"You seem so sad, Eeyore."

"Sad? Why should I be sad? It's my birthday. The happiest day of the
year."

"Your birthday?" said Pooh in great surprise.

"Of course it is. Can't you see? Look at all the presents I have had."
He waved a foot from side to side. "Look at the birthday cake. Candles
and pink sugar."

Pooh looked--first to the right and then to the left.

"Presents?" said Pooh. "Birthday cake?" said Pooh. "_Where?_"

"Can't you see them?"

"No," said Pooh.

"Neither can I," said Eeyore. "Joke," he explained. "Ha ha!"

Pooh scratched his head, being a little puzzled by all this.

"But is it really your birthday?" he asked.

"It is."

"Oh! Well, Many happy returns of the day, Eeyore."

"And many happy returns to you, Pooh Bear."

"But it isn't _my_ birthday."

"No, it's mine."

"But you said 'Many happy returns'----"

"Well, why not? You don't always want to be miserable on my birthday, do
you?"

"Oh, I see," said Pooh.

"It's bad enough," said Eeyore, almost breaking down, "being miserable
myself, what with no presents and no cake and no candles, and no proper
notice taken of me at all, but if everybody else is going to be
miserable too----"

This was too much for Pooh. "Stay there!" he called to Eeyore, as he
turned and hurried back home as quick as he could; for he felt that he
must get poor Eeyore a present of _some_ sort at once, and he could
always think of a proper one afterwards.

Outside his house he found Piglet, jumping up and down trying to reach
the knocker.

"Hallo, Piglet," he said.

"Hallo, Pooh," said Piglet.

"What are _you_ trying to do?"

"I was trying to reach the knocker," said Piglet. "I just came
round----"

"Let me do it for you," said Pooh kindly. So he reached up and knocked
at the door. "I have just seen Eeyore," he began, "and poor Eeyore is in
a Very Sad Condition, because it's his birthday, and nobody has taken
any notice of it, and he's very Gloomy--you know what Eeyore is--and
there he was, and----What a long time whoever lives here is answering
this door." And he knocked again.

"But Pooh," said Piglet, "it's your own house!"

