
"I'll give it to him."

"We're all going on an Expotition with Christopher Robin!"

"What is it when we're on it?"

"A sort of boat, I think," said Pooh.

"Oh! that sort."

"Yes. And we're going to discover a Pole or something. Or was it a Mole?
Anyhow we're going to discover it."

"We are, are we?" said Rabbit.

"Yes. And we've got to bring Pro--things to eat with us. In case we want
to eat them. Now I'm going down to Piglet's. Tell Kanga, will you?"

He left Rabbit and hurried down to Piglet's house. The Piglet was
sitting on the ground at the door of his house blowing happily at a
dandelion, and wondering whether it would be this year, next year,
sometime or never. He had just discovered that it would be never, and
was trying to remember what "_it_" was, and hoping it wasn't anything
nice, when Pooh came up.

"Oh! Piglet," said Pooh excitedly, "we're going on an Expotition, all of
us, with things to eat. To discover something."

"To discover what?" said Piglet anxiously.

"Oh! just something."

"Nothing fierce?"

"Christopher Robin didn't say anything about fierce. He just said it had
an 'x'."

"It isn't their necks I mind," said Piglet earnestly. "It's their teeth.
But if Christopher Robin is coming I don't mind anything."

In a little while they were all ready at the top of the Forest, and the
Expotition started. First came Christopher Robin and Rabbit, then Piglet
and Pooh; then Kanga, with Roo in her pocket, and Owl; then Eeyore; and,
at the end, in a long line, all Rabbit's friends-and-relations.

"I didn't ask them," explained Rabbit carelessly. "They just came. They
always do. They can march at the end, after Eeyore."

"What I say," said Eeyore, "is that it's unsettling. I didn't want to
come on this Expo--what Pooh said. I only came to oblige. But here I
am; and if I am the end of the Expo--what we're talking about--then
let me _be_ the end. But if, every time I want to sit down for a
little rest, I have to brush away half a dozen of Rabbit's smaller
friends-and-relations first, then this isn't an Expo--whatever it
is--at all, it's simply a Confused Noise. That's what _I_ say."

"I see what Eeyore means," said Owl. "If you ask me----"

"I'm not asking anybody," said Eeyore. "I'm just telling everybody. We
can look for the North Pole, or we can play 'Here we go gathering Nuts
and May' with the end part of an ant's nest. It's all the same to me."

There was a shout from the top of the line.

"Come on!" called Christopher Robin.

"Come on!" called Pooh and Piglet

"Come on!" called Owl.

"We're starting," said Rabbit. "I must go." And he hurried off to the
front of the Expotition with Christopher Robin.

"All right," said Eeyore. "We're going. Only Don't Blame Me."

So off they all went to discover the Pole. And as they walked, they
chattered to each other of this and that, all except Pooh, who was
making up a song.

"This is the first verse," he said to Piglet, when he was ready with it.

"First verse of what?"

"My song."

"What song?"

"This one."

"Which one?"

"Well, if you listen, Piglet, you'll hear it."

"How do you know I'm not listening?"

Pooh couldn't answer that one, so he began to sing.

    They all went off to discover the Pole,
      Owl and Piglet and Rabbit and all;
