"Yes, Eeyore, and I brought you a balloon."

"_Balloon?_" said Eeyore. "You did say balloon? One of those big
coloured things you blow up? Gaiety, song-and-dance, here we are and
there we are?"

"Yes, but I'm afraid--I'm very sorry, Eeyore--but when I was running
along to bring it you, I fell down."

"Dear, dear, how unlucky! You ran too fast, I expect. You didn't hurt
yourself, Little Piglet?"

"No, but I--I--oh, Eeyore, I burst the balloon!"

There was a very long silence.

"My balloon?" said Eeyore at last.

Piglet nodded.

"My birthday balloon?"

"Yes, Eeyore," said Piglet sniffing a little. "Here it is. With--with
many happy returns of the day." And he gave Eeyore the small piece of
damp rag.

"Is this it?" said Eeyore, a little surprised.

Piglet nodded.

"My present?"

Piglet nodded again.

"The balloon?"

"Yes."

"Thank you, Piglet," said Eeyore. "You don't mind my asking," he went
on, "but what colour was this balloon when it--when it _was_ a balloon?"

"Red."

"I just wondered.... Red," he murmured to himself. "My favourite
colour.... How big was it?"

"About as big as me."

"I just wondered.... About as big as Piglet," he said to himself
sadly. "My favourite size. Well, well."

Piglet felt very miserable, and didn't know what to say. He was still
opening his mouth to begin something, and then deciding that it wasn't
any good saying _that_, when he heard a shout from the other side of the
river, and there was Pooh.

"Many happy returns of the day," called out Pooh, forgetting that he had
said it already.

"Thank you, Pooh, I'm having them," said Eeyore gloomily.

"I've brought you a little present," said Pooh excitedly.

"I've had it," said Eeyore.

Pooh had now splashed across the stream to Eeyore, and Piglet was
sitting a little way off, his head in his paws, snuffling to himself.

"It's a Useful Pot," said Pooh. "Here it is. And it's got 'A Very Happy
Birthday with love from Pooh' written on it. That's what all that
writing is. And it's for putting things in. There!"

When Eeyore saw the pot, he became quite excited.

"Why!" he said. "I believe my Balloon will just go into that Pot!"

"Oh, no, Eeyore," said Pooh. "Balloons are much too big to go into Pots.
What you do with a balloon is, you hold the ballon----"

"Not mine," said Eeyore proudly. "Look, Piglet!" And as Piglet looked
sorrowfully round, Eeyore picked the balloon up with his teeth, and
placed it carefully in the pot; picked it out and put it on the ground;
and then picked it up again and put it carefully back.

"So it does!" said Pooh. "It goes in!"

"So it does!" said Piglet. "And it comes out!"

"Doesn't it?" said Eeyore. "It goes in and out like anything."

"I'm very glad," said Pooh happily, "that I thought of giving you a
Useful Pot to put things in."

"I'm very glad," said Piglet happily, "that I thought of giving you
Something to put in a Useful Pot."

But Eeyore wasn't listening. He was taking the balloon out, and putting
it back again, as happy as could be....

                 *        *        *        *        *
