"what I _meant_ to do----"

"Of course, it _was_ rather----" he admitted, as he slithered very
quickly through the next six branches.

"It all comes, I suppose," he decided, as he said good-bye to the last
branch, spun round three times, and flew gracefully into a gorse-bush,
"it all comes of _liking_ honey so much. Oh, help!"

He crawled out of the gorse-bush, brushed the prickles from his nose,
and began to think again. And the first person he thought of was
Christopher Robin.

(_"Was that me?" said Christopher Robin in an awed voice, hardly daring
to believe it._

"_That was you._"

_Christopher Robin said nothing, but his eyes got larger and larger, and
his face got pinker and pinker._)

So Winnie-the-Pooh went round to his friend Christopher Robin, who lived
behind a green door in another part of the forest.

"Good morning, Christopher Robin," he said.

"Good morning, Winnie-_ther_-Pooh," said you.

"I wonder if you've got such a thing as a balloon about you?"

"A balloon?"

"Yes, I just said to myself coming along: 'I wonder if Christopher Robin
has such a thing as a balloon about him?' I just said it to myself,
thinking of balloons, and wondering."

"What do you want a balloon for?" you said.

Winnie-the-Pooh looked round to see that nobody was listening, put his
paw to his mouth, and said in a deep whisper: "_Honey!_"

"But you don't get honey with balloons!"

"_I_ do," said Pooh.

Well, it just happened that you had been to a party the day before at
the house of your friend Piglet, and you had balloons at the party. You
had had a big green balloon; and one of Rabbit's relations had had a big
blue one, and had left it behind, being really too young to go to a
party at all; and so you had brought the green one _and_ the blue one
home with you.

"Which one would you like?" you asked Pooh.

He put his head between his paws and thought very carefully.

"It's like this," he said. "When you go after honey with a balloon, the
great thing is not to let the bees know you're coming. Now, if you have
a green balloon, they might think you were only part of the tree, and
not notice you, and, if you have a blue balloon, they might think you
were only part of the sky, and not notice you, and the question is:
Which is most likely?"

"Wouldn't they notice _you_ underneath the balloon?" you asked.

"They might or they might not," said Winnie-the-Pooh. "You never can
tell with bees." He thought for a moment and said: "I shall try to look
like a small black cloud. That will deceive them."

"Then you had better have the blue balloon," you said; and so it was
decided.

Well, you both went out with the blue balloon, and you took your gun
with you, just in case, as you always did, and Winnie-the-Pooh went to a
very muddy place that he knew of, and rolled and rolled until he was
black all over; and then, when the balloon was blown up as big as big,
and you and Pooh were both holding on to the string, you let go
suddenly, and Pooh Bear floated gracefully up into the sky, and stayed
there--level with the top of the tree and about twenty feet away from
it.

"Hooray!" you shouted.

"Isn't that fine?" shouted Winnie-the-Pooh down to you. "What do I look
like?"

"You look like a Bear holding on to a balloon," you said.

"Not," said Pooh anxiously, "--not like a small black cloud in a blue
sky?"

"Not very much."

"Ah, well, perhaps from up here it looks different. And, as I say, you
never can tell with bees."

There was no wind to blow him nearer to the tree, so there he stayed. He
could see the honey, he could smell the honey, but he couldn't quite
reach the honey.

