
"Whatever's the matter, Piglet?" said Christopher Robin, who was just
getting up.

"Heff," said Piglet, breathing so hard that he could hardly speak, "a
Heff--a Heff--a Heffalump."

"Where?"

"Up there," said Piglet, waving his paw.

"What did it look like?"

"Like--like----It had the biggest head you ever saw, Christopher Robin.
A great enormous thing, like--like nothing. A huge big--well, like a--I
don't know--like an enormous big nothing. Like a jar."

"Well," said Christopher Robin, putting on his shoes, "I shall go and
look at it. Come on."

Piglet wasn't afraid if he had Christopher Robin with him, so off they
went....

"I can hear it, can't you?" said Piglet anxiously, as they got near.

"I can hear _something_," said Christopher Robin.

It was Pooh bumping his head against a tree-root he had found.

"There!" said Piglet. "Isn't it _awful_?" And he held on tight to
Christopher Robin's hand.

Suddenly Christopher Robin began to laugh ... and he laughed ... and he
laughed ... and he laughed. And while he was still laughing--_Crash_
went the Heffalump's head against the tree-root, Smash went the jar,
and out came Pooh's head again....

Then Piglet saw what a Foolish Piglet he had been, and he was so ashamed
of himself that he ran straight off home and went to bed with a
headache. But Christopher Robin and Pooh went home to breakfast
together.

"Oh, Bear!" said Christopher Robin. "How I do love you!"

"So do I," said Pooh.




                               CHAPTER VI

                     IN WHICH EEYORE HAS A BIRTHDAY
                          AND GETS TWO PRESENTS


Eeyore, the old grey Donkey, stood by the side of the stream, and
looked at himself in the water.

"Pathetic," he said. "That's what it is. Pathetic."

He turned and walked slowly down the stream for twenty yards, splashed
across it, and walked slowly back on the other side. Then he looked at
himself in the water again.

"As I thought," he said. "No better from _this_ side. But nobody minds.
Nobody cares. Pathetic, that's what it is."

There was a crackling noise in the bracken behind him, and out came
Pooh.

"Good morning, Eeyore," said Pooh.

"Good morning, Pooh Bear," said Eeyore gloomily. "If it _is_ a good
morning," he said. "Which I doubt," said he.

"Why, what's the matter?"

"Nothing, Pooh Bear, nothing. We can't all, and some of us don't. That's
all there is to it."

"Can't all _what_?" said Pooh, rubbing his nose.

"Gaiety. Song-and-dance. Here we go round the mulberry bush."

"Oh!" said Pooh. He thought for a long time, and then asked, "What
mulberry bush is that?"

"Bon-hommy," went on Eeyore gloomily. "French word meaning bonhommy," he
explained. "I'm not complaining, but There It Is."

Pooh sat down on a large stone, and tried to think this out. It sounded
to him like a riddle, and he was never much good at riddles, being a
Bear of Very Little Brain. So he sang _Cottleston Pie_ instead:

    Cottleston, Cottleston, Cottleston Pie,
    A fly can't bird, but a bird can fly.
    Ask me a riddle and I reply:
    "_Cottleston, Cottleston, Cottleston Pie._"

That was the first verse. When he had finished it, Eeyore didn't
