
    On Thursday, when it starts to freeze
    And hoar-frost twinkles on the trees,
    How very readily one sees
    That these are whose--but whose are these?

    On Friday----

"Yes, it is, isn't it?" said Kanga, not waiting to hear what happened on
Friday. "Just one more jump, Roo, dear, and then we really _must_ be
going."

Rabbit gave Pooh a hurrying-up sort of nudge.

"Talking of Poetry," said Pooh quickly, "have you ever noticed that tree
right over there?"

"Where?" said Kanga. "Now, Roo----"

"Right over there," said Pooh, pointing behind Kanga's back.

"No," said Kanga. "Now jump in, Roo, dear, and we'll go home."

"You ought to look at that tree right over there," said Rabbit. "Shall I
lift you in, Roo?" And he picked up Roo in his paws.

"I can see a bird in it from here," said Pooh. "Or is it a fish?"

"You ought to see that bird from here," said Rabbit. "Unless it's a
fish."

"It isn't a fish, it's a bird," said Piglet.

"So it is," said Rabbit.

"Is it a starling or a blackbird?" said Pooh.

"That's the whole question," said Rabbit. "Is it a blackbird or a
starling?"

And then at last Kanga did turn her head to look. And the moment that
her head was turned, Rabbit said in a loud voice "In you go, Roo!" and
in jumped Piglet into Kanga's pocket, and off scampered Rabbit, with Roo
in his paws, as fast as he could.

"Why, where's Rabbit?" said Kanga, turning round again. "Are you all
right, Roo, dear?"

Piglet made a squeaky Roo-noise from the bottom of Kanga's pocket.

"Rabbit had to go away," said Pooh. "I think he thought of something he
had to go and see about suddenly."

"And Piglet?"

"I think Piglet thought of something at the same time. Suddenly."

"Well, we must be getting home," said Kanga. "Good-bye, Pooh." And in
three large jumps she was gone.

Pooh looked after her as she went.

"I wish I could jump like that," he thought. "Some can and some can't.
That's how it is."

But there were moments when Piglet wished that Kanga couldn't. Often,
when he had had a long walk home through the Forest, he had wished that
he were a bird; but now he thought jerkily to himself at the bottom of
Kanga's pocket,

        this                              take
    "If      is          shall      really    to
                flying I      never              it."

And as he went up in the air he said, "_Ooooooo!_" and as he came down
he said, "_Ow!_" And he was saying, "_Ooooooo-ow, Ooooooo-ow,
Ooooooo-ow_" all the way to Kanga's house.

Of course as soon as Kanga unbuttoned her pocket, she saw what had
happened. Just for a moment, she thought she was frightened, and then
she knew she wasn't; for she felt quite sure that Christopher Robin
would never let any harm happen to Roo. So she said to herself, "If they
are having a joke with me, I will have a joke with them."

"Now then, Roo, dear," she said, as she took Piglet out of her pocket.
"Bed-time."

"_Aha!_" said Piglet, as well as he could after his Terrifying Journey.
But it wasn't a very good "_Aha!_" and Kanga didn't seem to understand
what it meant.

"Bath first," said Kanga in a cheerful voice.

"_Aha!_" said Piglet again, looking round anxiously for the others. But
the others weren't there. Rabbit was playing with Baby Roo in his own
house, and feeling more fond of him every minute, and Pooh, who had
decided to be a Kanga, was still at the sandy place on the top of the
Forest, practising jumps.

"I am not at all sure," said Kanga in a thoughtful voice, "that it
