    (_Of who?_)
    Of Pooh!
    (_I'm sorry I keep forgetting_).
    Well, Pooh was a Bear of Enormous Brain
    (_Just say it again!_)
    Of enormous brain--
    (_Of enormous what?_)
    Well, he ate a lot,
    And I don't know if he could swim or not,
    But he managed to float
    On a sort of boat
    (_On a sort of what?_)
    Well, a sort of pot--
    So now let's give him three hearty cheers
    (_So now let's give him three hearty whiches?_)
    And hope he'll be with us for years and years,
    And grow in health and wisdom and riches!
    3 Cheers for Pooh!
    (_For who?_)
    For Pooh--
    3 Cheers for Bear!
    (_For where?_)
    For Bear--
    3 Cheers for the wonderful Winnie-the-Pooh!
    (_Just tell me, somebody_--WHAT DID HE DO?)

While this was going on inside him, Owl was talking to Eeyore.

"Eeyore," said Owl, "Christopher Robin is giving a party."

"Very interesting," said Eeyore. "I suppose they will be sending me down
the odd bits which got trodden on. Kind and Thoughtful. Not at all,
don't mention it."

"There is an Invitation for you."

"What's that like?"

"An Invitation!"

"Yes, I heard you. Who dropped it?"

"This isn't anything to eat, it's asking you to the party. To-morrow."

Eeyore shook his head slowly.

"You mean Piglet. The little fellow with the excited ears. That's
Piglet. I'll tell him."

"No, no!" said Owl, getting quite fussy. "It's you!"

"Are you sure?"

"Of course I'm sure. Christopher Robin said 'All of them! Tell all of
them.'"

"All of them, except Eeyore?"

"All of them," said Owl sulkily.

"Ah!" said Eeyore. "A mistake, no doubt, but still, I shall come. Only
don't blame _me_ if it rains."

But it didn't rain. Christopher Robin had made a long table out of some
long pieces of wood, and they all sat round it. Christopher Robin sat at
one end, and Pooh sat at the other, and between them on one side were
Owl and Eeyore and Piglet, and between them on the other side were
Rabbit, and Roo and Kanga. And all Rabbit's friends and relations spread
themselves about on the grass, and waited hopefully in case anybody
spoke to them, or dropped anything, or asked them the time.

It was the first party to which Roo had ever been, and he was very
excited. As soon as ever they had sat down he began to talk.

"Hallo, Pooh!" he squeaked.

"Hallo, Roo!" said Pooh.

Roo jumped up and down in his seat for a little while and then began
again.

"Hallo, Piglet!" he squeaked.

Piglet waved a paw at him, being too busy to say anything.

"Hallo, Eeyore!" said Roo.

Eeyore nodded gloomily at him. "It will rain soon, you see if it
doesn't," he said.

Roo looked to see if it didn't, and it didn't, so he said "Hallo,
Owl!"--and Owl said "Hallo, my little fellow," in a kindly way, and went
on telling Christopher Robin about an accident which had nearly happened
to a friend of his whom Christopher Robin didn't know, and Kanga said to
Roo, "Drink up your milk first, dear, and talk afterwards." So Roo, who
was drinking his milk, tried to say that he could do both at once ...
and had to be patted on the back and dried for quite a long time
afterwards.

When they had all nearly eaten enough, Christopher Robin banged on the
