"The tracks!" said Pooh. "_A third animal has joined the other two!_"

"Pooh!" cried Piglet. "Do you think it is another Woozle?"

"No," said Pooh, "because it makes different marks. It is either Two
Woozles and one, as it might be, Wizzle, or Two, as it might be, Wizzles
and one, if so it is, Woozle. Let us continue to follow them."

So they went on, feeling just a little anxious now, in case the three
animals in front of them were of Hostile Intent. And Piglet wished very
much that his Grandfather T. W. were there, instead of elsewhere, and
Pooh thought how nice it would be if they met Christopher Robin suddenly
but quite accidentally, and only because he liked Christopher Robin so
much. And then, all of a sudden, Winnie-the-Pooh stopped again, and
licked the tip of his nose in a cooling manner, for he was feeling more
hot and anxious than ever in his life before. _There were four animals
in front of them!_

"Do you see, Piglet? Look at their tracks! Three, as it were, Woozles,
and one, as it was, Wizzle. _Another Woozle has joined them!_"

And so it seemed to be. There were the tracks; crossing over each other
here, getting muddled up with each other there; but, quite plainly every
now and then, the tracks of four sets of paws.

"I _think_," said Piglet, when he had licked the tip of his nose too,
and found that it brought very little comfort, "I _think_ that I have
just remembered something. I have just remembered something that I
forgot to do yesterday and shan't be able to do to-morrow. So I suppose
I really ought to go back and do it now."

"We'll do it this afternoon, and I'll come with you," said Pooh.

"It isn't the sort of thing you can do in the afternoon," said Piglet
quickly. "It's a very particular morning thing, that has to be done in
the morning, and, if possible, between the hours of----What would you
say the time was?"

"About twelve," said Winnie-the-Pooh, looking at the sun.

"Between, as I was saying, the hours of twelve and twelve five. So,
really, dear old Pooh, if you'll excuse me----_What's that?_"

Pooh looked up at the sky, and then, as he heard the whistle again, he
looked up into the branches of a big oak-tree, and then he saw a friend
of his.

"It's Christopher Robin," he said.

"Ah, then you'll be all right," said Piglet. "You'll be quite safe with
_him_. Good-bye," and he trotted off home as quickly as he could, very
glad to be Out of All Danger again.

Christopher Robin came slowly down his tree.

"Silly old Bear," he said, "what _were_ you doing? First you went round
the spinney twice by yourself, and then Piglet ran after you and you
went round again together, and then you were just going round a fourth
time----"

"Wait a moment," said Winnie-the-Pooh, holding up his paw.

He sat down and thought, in the most thoughtful way he could think. Then
he fitted his paw into one of the Tracks ... and then he scratched his
nose twice, and stood up.

"Yes," said Winnie-the-Pooh.

"I see now," said Winnie-the-Pooh.

"I have been Foolish and Deluded," said he, "and I am a Bear of No Brain
at All."

"You're the Best Bear in All the World," said Christopher Robin
soothingly.

"Am I?" said Pooh hopefully. And then he brightened up suddenly.

"Anyhow," he said, "it is nearly Luncheon Time."

So he went home for it.




                               CHAPTER IV

                      IN WHICH EEYORE LOSES A TAIL
                           AND POOH FINDS ONE


The Old Grey Donkey, Eeyore, stood by himself in a thistly corner of
the forest, his front feet well apart, his head on one side, and thought
about things. Sometimes he thought sadly to himself, "Why?" and
sometimes he thought, "Wherefore?" and sometimes he thought, "Inasmuch
as which?"--and sometimes he didn't quite know what he _was_ thinking
about. So when Winnie-the-Pooh came stumping along, Eeyore was very glad
to be able to stop thinking for a little, in order to say "How do you
do?" in a gloomy manner to him.

