away from the Forest and never come back.' Now don't talk while I
think."

Pooh went into a corner and tried saying 'Aha!' in that sort of voice.
Sometimes it seemed to him that it did mean what Rabbit said, and
sometimes it seemed to him that it didn't. "I suppose it's just
practice," he thought. "I wonder if Kanga will have to practise too so
as to understand it."

"There's just one thing," said Piglet, fidgeting a bit. "I was talking
to Christopher Robin, and he said that a Kanga was Generally Regarded as
One of the Fiercer Animals. I am not frightened of Fierce Animals in the
ordinary way, but it is well known that, if One of the Fiercer Animals
is Deprived of Its Young, it becomes as fierce as Two of the Fiercer
Animals. In which case '_Aha!_' is perhaps a _foolish_ thing to say."

"Piglet," said Rabbit, taking out a pencil, and licking the end of it,
"you haven't any pluck."

"It is hard to be brave," said Piglet, sniffing slightly, "when you're
only a Very Small Animal."

Rabbit, who had begun to write very busily, looked up and said:

"It is because you are a very small animal that you will be Useful in
the adventure before us."

Piglet was so excited at the idea of being Useful, that he forgot to be
frightened any more, and when Rabbit went on to say that Kangas were
only Fierce during the winter months, being at other times of an
Affectionate Disposition, he could hardly sit still, he was so eager to
begin being useful at once.

"What about me?" said Pooh sadly. "I suppose _I_ shan't be useful?"

"Never mind, Pooh," said Piglet comfortingly. "Another time perhaps."

"Without Pooh," said Rabbit solemnly as he sharpened his pencil, "the
adventure would be impossible."

"Oh!" said Piglet, and tried not to look disappointed. But Pooh went
into a corner of the room and said proudly to himself, "Impossible
without Me! _That_ sort of Bear."

"Now listen all of you," said Rabbit when he had finished writing, and
Pooh and Piglet sat listening very eagerly with their mouths open. This
was what Rabbit read out:

                        PLAN TO CAPTURE BABY ROO

   1. _General Remarks._ Kanga runs faster than any of Us, even Me.

   2. _More General Remarks._ Kanga never takes her eye off Baby Roo,
      except when he's safely buttoned up in her pocket.

   3. _Therefore._ If we are to capture Baby Roo, we must get a Long
      Start, because Kanga runs faster than any of Us, even Me.
     (_See_ 1.)

   4. _A Thought._ If Roo had jumped out of Kanga's pocket and Piglet
      had jumped in, Kanga wouldn't know the difference, because Piglet
      is a Very Small Animal.

   5. Like Roo.

   6. But Kanga would have to be looking the other way first, so as not
      to see Piglet jumping in.

   7. See 2.

   8. _Another Thought._ But if Pooh was talking to her very excitedly,
      she _might_ look the other way for a moment.

   9. And then I could run away with Roo.

   10. Quickly.

   11. _And Kanga wouldn't discover the difference until Afterwards._

Well, Rabbit read this out proudly, and for a little while after he had
read it nobody said anything. And then Piglet, who had been opening and
shutting his mouth without making any noise, managed to say very
huskily:

"And--Afterwards?"

"How do you mean?"

"When Kanga _does_ Discover the Difference?"

"Then we all say '_Aha!_'"

"All three of us?"

"Yes."

"Oh!"

"Why, what's the trouble, Piglet?"

