wouldn't be a good idea to have a _cold_ bath this evening. Would you
like that, Roo, dear?"

Piglet, who had never been really fond of baths, shuddered a long
indignant shudder, and said in as brave a voice as he could:

"Kanga, I see that the time has come to spleak painly."

"Funny little Roo," said Kanga, as she got the bath-water ready.

"I am _not_ Roo," said Piglet loudly. "I am Piglet!"

"Yes, dear, yes," said Kanga soothingly. "And imitating Piglet's voice
too! So clever of him," she went on, as she took a large bar of yellow
soap out of the cupboard. "What _will_ he be doing next?"

"Can't you _see_?" shouted Piglet. "Haven't you got _eyes_? _Look_ at
me!"

"I _am_ looking, Roo, dear," said Kanga rather severely. "And you know
what I told you yesterday about making faces. If you go on making faces
like Piglet's, you will grow up to _look_ like Piglet--and _then_ think
how sorry you will be. Now then, into the bath, and don't let me have to
speak to you about it again."

Before he knew where he was, Piglet was in the bath, and Kanga was
scrubbing him firmly with a large lathery flannel.

"Ow!" cried Piglet. "Let me out! I'm Piglet!"

"Don't open the mouth, dear, or the soap goes in," said Kanga. "There!
What did I tell you?"

"You--you--you did it on purpose," spluttered Piglet, as soon as he
could speak again ... and then accidentally had another mouthful of
lathery flannel.

"That's right, dear, don't say anything," said Kanga, and in another
minute Piglet was out of the bath, and being rubbed dry with a towel.

"Now," said Kanga, "there's your medicine, and then bed."

"W-w-what medicine?" said Piglet.

"To make you grow big and strong, dear. You don't want to grow up small
and weak like Piglet, do you? Well, then!"

At that moment there was a knock at the door.

"Come in," said Kanga, and in came Christopher Robin.

"Christopher Robin, Christopher Robin!" cried Piglet. "Tell Kanga who I
am! She keeps saying I'm Roo. I'm _not_ Roo, am I?"

Christopher Robin looked at him very carefully, and shook his head.

"You can't be Roo," he said, "because I've just seen Roo playing in
Rabbit's house."

"Well!" said Kanga. "Fancy that! Fancy my making a mistake like that."

"There you are!" said Piglet. "I told you so. I'm Piglet."

Christopher Robin shook his head again.

"Oh, you're not Piglet," he said. "I know Piglet well, and he's _quite_
a different colour."

Piglet began to say that this was because he had just had a bath, and
then he thought that perhaps he wouldn't say that, and as he opened his
mouth to say something else, Kanga slipped the medicine spoon in, and
then patted him on the back and told him that it was really quite a nice
taste when you got used to it.

"I knew it wasn't Piglet," said Kanga. "I wonder who it can be."

"Perhaps it's some relation of Pooh's," said Christopher Robin. "What
about a nephew or an uncle or something?"

Kanga agreed that this was probably what it was, and said that they
would have to call it by some name.

"I shall call it Pootel," said Christopher Robin. "Henry Pootel for
short."

And just when it was decided, Henry Pootel wriggled out of Kanga's arms
and jumped to the ground. To his great joy Christopher Robin had left
the door open. Never had Henry Pootel Piglet run so fast as he ran then,
and he didn't stop running until he had got quite close to his house.
But when he was a hundred yards away he stopped running, and rolled the
rest of the way home, so as to get his own nice comfortable colour
again....

So Kanga and Roo stayed in the Forest. And every Tuesday Roo spent the
day with his great friend Rabbit, and every Tuesday Kanga spent the day
with her great friend Pooh, teaching him to jump, and every Tuesday
Piglet spent the day with his great friend Christopher Robin. So they
were all happy again.


