table with his spoon, and everybody stopped talking and was very silent,
except Roo who was just finishing a loud attack of hiccups and trying to
look as if it was one of Rabbit's relations.

"This party," said Christopher Robin, "is a party because of what
someone did, and we all know who it was, and it's his party, because of
what he did, and I've got a present for him and here it is." Then he
felt about a little and whispered, "Where is it?"

While he was looking, Eeyore coughed in an impressive way and began to
speak.

"Friends," he said, "including oddments, it is a great pleasure, or
perhaps I had better say it has been a pleasure so far, to see you at my
party. What I did was nothing. Any of you--except Rabbit and Owl and
Kanga--would have done the same. Oh, and Pooh. My remarks do not, of
course, apply to Piglet and Roo, because they are too small. Any of you
would have done the same. But it just happened to be Me. It was not, I
need hardly say, with an idea of getting what Christopher Robin is
looking for now"--and he put his front leg to his mouth and said in a
loud whisper, "Try under the table"--"that I did what I did--but because
I feel that we should all do what we can to help. I feel that we should
all----"

"H--hup!" said Roo accidentally.

"Roo, dear!" said Kanga reproachfully.

"Was it me?" asked Roo, a little surprised.

"What's Eeyore talking about?" Piglet whispered to Pooh.

"I don't know," said Pooh rather dolefully.

"I thought this was _your_ party."

"I thought it was _once_. But I suppose it isn't."

"I'd sooner it was yours than Eeyore's," said Piglet.

"So would I," said Pooh.

"H--hup!" said Roo again.

"AS--I--WAS--SAYING," said Eeyore loudly and sternly, "as I was saying
when I was interrupted by various Loud Sounds, I feel that----"

"Here it is!" cried Christopher Robin excitedly. "Pass it down to silly
old Pooh. It's for Pooh."

"For Pooh?" said Eeyore.

"Of course it is. The best bear in all the world."

"I might have known," said Eeyore. "After all, one can't complain. I
have my friends. Somebody spoke to me only yesterday. And was it last
week or the week before that Rabbit bumped into me and said 'Bother!'
The Social Round. Always something going on."

Nobody was listening, for they were all saying "Open it, Pooh," "What is
it, Pooh?" "I know what it is," "No, you don't" and other helpful
remarks of this sort. And of course Pooh was opening it as quickly as
ever he could, but without cutting the string, because you never know
when a bit of string might be Useful. At last it was undone.

When Pooh saw what it was, he nearly fell down, he was so pleased. It
was a Special Pencil Case. There were pencils in it marked "B" for Bear,
and pencils marked "HB" for Helping Bear, and pencils marked "BB" for
Brave Bear. There was a knife for sharpening the pencils, and
india-rubber for rubbing out anything which you had spelt wrong, and a
ruler for ruling lines for the words to walk on, and inches marked on
the ruler in case you wanted to know how many inches anything was, and
Blue Pencils and Red Pencils and Green Pencils for saying special things
in blue and red and green. And all these lovely things were in little
pockets of their own in a Special Case which shut with a click when you
clicked it. And they were all for Pooh.

"Oh!" said Pooh.

"Oh, Pooh!" said everybody else except Eeyore.

"Thank-you," growled Pooh.

But Eeyore was saying to himself, "This writing business. Pencils and
what-not. Over-rated, if you ask me. Silly stuff. Nothing in it."

Later on, when they had all said "Good-bye" and "Thank-you" to
Christopher Robin, Pooh and Piglet walked home thoughtfully together in
the golden evening, and for a long time they were silent.

"When you wake up in the morning, Pooh," said Piglet at last, "what's
the first thing you say to yourself?"

"What's for breakfast?" said Pooh. "What do _you_ say, Piglet?"

"I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting _to-day_?" said Piglet.

Pooh nodded thoughtfully.

"It's the same thing," he said.
