"Oh!" said Pooh. "So it is," he said. "Well, let's go in."

So in they went. The first thing Pooh did was to go to the cupboard to
see if he had quite a small jar of honey left; and he had, so he took it
down.

"I'm giving this to Eeyore," he explained, "as a present. What are _you_
going to give?"

"Couldn't I give it too?" said Piglet. "From both of us?"

"No," said Pooh. "That would _not_ be a good plan."

"All right, then, I'll give him a balloon. I've got one left from my
party. I'll go and get it now, shall I?"

"That, Piglet, is a _very_ good idea. It is just what Eeyore wants to
cheer him up. Nobody can be uncheered with a balloon."

So off Piglet trotted; and in the other direction went Pooh, with his
jar of honey.

It was a warm day, and he had a long way to go. He hadn't gone more than
half-way when a sort of funny feeling began to creep all over him. It
began at the tip of his nose and trickled all through him and out at the
soles of his feet. It was just as if somebody inside him were saying,
"Now then, Pooh, time for a little something."

"Dear, dear," said Pooh, "I didn't know it was as late as that." So he
sat down and took the top off his jar of honey. "Lucky I brought this
with me," he thought. "Many a bear going out on a warm day like this
would never have thought of bringing a little something with him." And
he began to eat.

"Now let me see," he thought, as he took his last lick of the inside of
the jar, "where was I going? Ah, yes, Eeyore." He got up slowly.

And then, suddenly, he remembered. He had eaten Eeyore's birthday
present!

"_Bother!_" said Pooh. "What _shall_ I do? I _must_ give him
_something_."

For a little while he couldn't think of anything. Then he thought:
"Well, it's a very nice pot, even if there's no honey in it, and if I
washed it clean, and got somebody to write '_A Happy Birthday_' on it,
Eeyore could keep things in it, which might be Useful." So, as he was
just passing the Hundred Acre Wood, he went inside to call on Owl, who
lived there.

"Good morning, Owl," he said.

"Good morning, Pooh," said Owl.

"Many happy returns of Eeyore's birthday," said Pooh.

"Oh, is that what it is?"

"What are you giving him, Owl?"

"What are _you_ giving him, Pooh?"

"I'm giving him a Useful Pot to Keep Things In, and I wanted to ask
you----"

"Is this it?" said Owl, taking it out of Pooh's paw.

"Yes, and I wanted to ask you----"

"Somebody has been keeping honey in it," said Owl.

"You can keep _anything_ in it," said Pooh earnestly. "It's Very Useful
like that. And I wanted to ask you----"

"You ought to write '_A Happy Birthday_' on it."

"_That_ was what I wanted to ask you," said Pooh. "Because my spelling
is Wobbly. It's good spelling but it Wobbles, and the letters get in the
wrong places. Would _you_ write 'A Happy Birthday' on it for me?"

"It's a nice pot," said Owl, looking at it all round. "Couldn't I give
it too? From both of us?"

"No," said Pooh. "That would _not_ be a good plan. Now I'll just wash it
first, and then you can write on it."

Well, he washed the pot out, and dried it, while Owl licked the end of
his pencil, and wondered how to spell "birthday."

"Can you read, Pooh?" he asked a little anxiously. "There's a notice
about knocking and ringing outside my door, which Christopher Robin
wrote. Could you read it?"

"Christopher Robin told me what it said, and _then_ I could."

"Well, I'll tell you what _this_ says, and then you'll be able to."

So Owl wrote ... and this is what he wrote:

                 HIPY PAPY BTHUTHDTH THUTHDA BTHUTHDY.
