After a little while he called down to you.

"Christopher Robin!" he said in a loud whisper.

"Hallo!"

"I think the bees _suspect_ something!"

"What sort of thing?"

"I don't know. But something tells me that they're _suspicious_!"

"Perhaps they think that you're after their honey."

"It may be that. You never can tell with bees."

There was another little silence, and then he called down to you again.

"Christopher Robin!"

"Yes?"

"Have you an umbrella in your house?"

"I think so."

"I wish you would bring it out here, and walk up and down with it, and
look up at me every now and then, and say 'Tut-tut, it looks like rain.'
I think, if you did that, it would help the deception which we are
practising on these bees."

Well, you laughed to yourself, "Silly old Bear!" but you didn't say it
aloud because you were so fond of him, and you went home for your
umbrella.

"Oh, there you are!" called down Winnie-the-Pooh, as soon as you got
back to the tree. "I was beginning to get anxious. I have discovered
that the bees are now definitely Suspicious."

"Shall I put my umbrella up?" you said.

"Yes, but wait a moment. We must be practical. The important bee to
deceive is the Queen Bee. Can you see which is the Queen Bee from down
there?"

"No."

"A pity. Well, now, if you walk up and down with your umbrella, saying,
'Tut-tut, it looks like rain,' I shall do what I can by singing a little
Cloud Song, such as a cloud might sing.... Go!"

So, while you walked up and down and wondered if it would rain,
Winnie-the-Pooh sang this song:

    How sweet to be a Cloud
      Floating in the Blue!
    Every little cloud
    _Always_ sings aloud.

    "How sweet to be a Cloud
      Floating in the Blue!"
    It makes him very proud
    To be a little cloud.

The bees were still buzzing as suspiciously as ever. Some of them,
indeed, left their nests and flew all round the cloud as it began the
second verse of this song, and one bee sat down on the nose of the cloud
for a moment, and then got up again.

"Christopher--_ow!_--Robin," called out the cloud.

"Yes?"

"I have just been thinking, and I have come to a very important
decision. _These are the wrong sort of bees._"

"Are they?"

"Quite the wrong sort. So I should think they would make the wrong sort
of honey, shouldn't you?"

"Would they?"

"Yes. So I think I shall come down."

"How?" asked you.

Winnie-the-Pooh hadn't thought about this. If he let go of the string,
he would fall--_bump_--and he didn't like the idea of that. So he
thought for a long time, and then he said:

"Christopher Robin, you must shoot the balloon with your gun. Have you
got your gun?"

"Of course I have," you said. "But if I do that, it will spoil the
balloon," you said.

"But if you _don't_," said Pooh, "I shall have to let go, and that would
spoil _me_."

