"I shall call this boat _The Brain of Pooh_," said Christopher Robin,
and _The Brain of Pooh_ set sail forthwith in a south-westerly
direction, revolving gracefully.

You can imagine Piglet's joy when at last the ship came in sight of him.
In after-years he liked to think that he had been in Very Great Danger
during the Terrible Flood, but the only danger he had really been in was
in the last half-hour of his imprisonment, when Owl, who had just flown
up, sat on a branch of his tree to comfort him, and told him a very long
story about an aunt who had once laid a seagull's egg by mistake, and
the story went on and on, rather like this sentence, until Piglet who
was listening out of his window without much hope, went to sleep quietly
and naturally, slipping slowly out of the window towards the water until
he was only hanging on by his toes, at which moment luckily, a sudden
loud squawk from Owl, which was really part of the story, being what his
aunt said, woke the Piglet up and just gave him time to jerk himself
back into safety and say, "How interesting, and did she?" when--well,
you can imagine his joy when at last he saw the good ship, _Brain of
Pooh_ (_Captain_, C. Robin; _1st Mate_, P. Bear) coming over the sea to
rescue him. Christopher Robin and Pooh again....

And that is really the end of the story, and I am very tired after that
last sentence, I think I shall stop there.




                               CHAPTER X

                    IN WHICH CHRISTOPHER ROBIN GIVES
                    POOH A PARTY, AND WE SAY GOOD-BYE


One day when the sun had come back over the Forest, bringing with it
the scent of may, and all the streams of the Forest were tinkling
happily to find themselves their own pretty shape again, and the little
pools lay dreaming of the life they had seen and the big things they had
done, and in the warmth and quiet of the Forest the cuckoo was trying
over his voice carefully and listening to see if he liked it, and
wood-pigeons were complaining gently to themselves in their lazy
comfortable way that it was the other fellow's fault, but it didn't
matter very much; on such a day as this Christopher Robin whistled in a
special way he had, and Owl came flying out of the Hundred Acre Wood to
see what was wanted.

"Owl," said Christopher Robin, "I am going to give a party."

"You are, are you?" said Owl.

"And it's to be a special sort of party, because it's because of what
Pooh did when he did what he did to save Piglet from the flood."

"Oh, that's what it's for, is it?" said Owl.

"Yes, so will you tell Pooh as quickly as you can, and all the others,
because it will be to-morrow."

"Oh, it will, will it?" said Owl, still being as helpful as possible.

"So will you go and tell them, Owl?"

Owl tried to think of something very wise to say, but couldn't, so he
flew off to tell the others. And the first person he told was Pooh.

"Pooh," he said, "Christopher Robin is giving a party."

"Oh!" said Pooh. And then seeing that Owl expected him to say something
else, he said "Will there be those little cake things with pink sugar
icing?"

Owl felt that it was rather beneath him to talk about little cake things
with pink sugar icing, so he told Pooh exactly what Christopher Robin
had said, and flew off to Eeyore.

"A party for Me?" thought Pooh to himself. "How grand!" And he began to
wonder if all the other animals would know that it was a special Pooh
Party, and if Christopher Robin had told them about _The Floating Bear_
and the _Brain of Pooh_ and all the wonderful ships he had invented and
sailed on, and he began to think how awful it would be if everybody had
forgotten about it, and nobody quite knew what the party was for; and
the more he thought like this, the more the party got muddled in his
mind, like a dream when nothing goes right. And the dream began to sing
itself over in his head until it became a sort of song. It was an

                           ANXIOUS POOH SONG.

    3 Cheers for Pooh!
    (_For Who?_)
    For Pooh--
    (_Why what did he do?_)
    I thought you knew;
    He saved his friend from a wetting!
    3 Cheers for Bear!
    (_For where?_)
    For Bear--
    He couldn't swim,
    But he rescued him!
    (_He rescued who?_)
    Oh, listen, do!
    I am talking of Pooh--
