
"That's all right," said Owl. "I'll go. Back directly." And he flew off.

In a little while he was back again.

"Pooh isn't there," he said.

"Not there?"

"Has _been_ there. He's been sitting on a branch of his tree outside his
house with nine pots of honey. But he isn't there now."

"Oh, Pooh!" cried Christopher Robin. "Where _are_ you?"

"Here I am," said a growly voice behind him.

"Pooh!"

They rushed into each other's arms.

"How did you get here, Pooh?" asked Christopher Robin, when he was ready
to talk again.

"On my boat," said Pooh proudly. "I had a Very Important Missage sent me
in a bottle, and owing to having got some water in my eyes, I couldn't
read it, so I brought it to you. On my boat."

With these proud words he gave Christopher Robin the missage.

"But it's from Piglet!" cried Christopher Robin when he had read it.

"Isn't there anything about Pooh in it?" asked Bear, looking over his
shoulder.

Christopher Robin read the message aloud.

"Oh, are those 'P's' piglets? I thought they were poohs."

"We must rescue him at once! I thought he was with _you_, Pooh. Owl,
could you rescue him on your back?"

"I don't think so," said Owl, after grave thought. "It is doubtful if
the necessary dorsal muscles----"

"Then would you fly to him at _once_ and say that Rescue is Coming? And
Pooh and I will think of a Rescue and come as quick as ever we can. Oh,
don't _talk_, Owl, go on quick!" And, still thinking of something to
say, Owl flew off.

"Now then, Pooh," said Christopher Robin, "where's your boat?"

"I ought to say," explained Pooh as they walked down to the shore of the
island, "that it isn't just an ordinary sort of boat. Sometimes it's a
Boat, and sometimes it's more of an Accident. It all depends."

"Depends on what?"

"On whether I'm on the top of it or underneath it."

"Oh! Well, where is it?"

"There!" said Pooh, pointing proudly to _The Floating Bear_.

It wasn't what Christopher Robin expected, and the more he looked at it,
the more he thought what a Brave and Clever Bear Pooh was, and the more
Christopher Robin thought this, the more Pooh looked modestly down his
nose and tried to pretend he wasn't.

"But it's too small for two of us," said Christopher Robin sadly.

"Three of us with Piglet."

"That makes it smaller still. Oh, Pooh Bear, what shall we do?"

And then this Bear, Pooh Bear, Winnie-the-Pooh, F.O.P. (Friend of
Piglet's), R.C. (Rabbit's Companion), P.D. (Pole Discoverer), E.C. and
T.F. (Eeyore's Comforter and Tail-finder)--in fact, Pooh himself--said
something so clever that Christopher Robin could only look at him with
mouth open and eyes staring, wondering if this was really the Bear of
Very Little Brain whom he had known and loved so long.

"We might go in your umbrella," said Pooh.

"?"

"We might go in your umbrella," said Pooh.

"? ?"

"We might go in your umbrella," said Pooh.

"!!!!!!"

For suddenly Christopher Robin saw that they might. He opened his
umbrella and put it point downwards in the water. It floated but
wobbled. Pooh got in. He was just beginning to say that it was all right
now, when he found that it wasn't, so after a short drink which he
didn't really want he waded back to Christopher Robin. Then they both
got in together, and it wobbled no longer.

