saying, "I wonder how it is over Christopher Robin's way" and Pooh
saying, "I should think poor old Rabbit is about flooded out by this
time." It would have been jolly to talk like this, and really, it wasn't
much good having anything exciting like floods, if you couldn't share
them with somebody.

For it was rather exciting. The little dry ditches in which Piglet had
nosed about so often had become streams, the little streams across which
he had splashed were rivers, and the river, between whose steep banks
they had played so happily, had sprawled out of its own bed and was
taking up so much room everywhere, that Piglet was beginning to wonder
whether it would be coming into _his_ bed soon.

"It's a little Anxious," he said to himself, "to be a Very Small Animal
Entirely Surrounded by Water. Christopher Robin and Pooh could escape by
Climbing Trees, and Kanga could escape by Jumping, and Rabbit could
escape by Burrowing, and Owl could escape by Flying, and Eeyore could
escape by--by Making a Loud Noise Until Rescued, and here am I,
surrounded by water and I can't do _anything_."

It went on raining, and every day the water got a little higher, until
now it was nearly up to Piglet's window ... and still he hadn't done
anything.

"There's Pooh," he thought to himself. "Pooh hasn't much Brain, but he
never comes to any harm. He does silly things and they turn out right.
There's Owl. Owl hasn't exactly got Brain, but he Knows Things. He would
know the Right Thing to Do when Surrounded by Water. There's Rabbit. He
hasn't Learnt in Books, but he can always Think of a Clever Plan.
There's Kanga. She isn't Clever, Kanga isn't, but she would be so
anxious about Roo that she would do a Good Thing to Do without thinking
about It. And then there's Eeyore. And Eeyore is so miserable anyhow
that he wouldn't mind about this. But I wonder what Christopher Robin
would do?"

Then suddenly he remembered a story which Christopher Robin had told him
about a man on a desert island who had written something in a bottle and
thrown it in the sea; and Piglet thought that if he wrote something in a
bottle and threw it in the water, perhaps somebody would come and rescue
_him_!

He left the window and began to search his house, all of it that wasn't
under water, and at last he found a pencil and a small piece of dry
paper, and a bottle with a cork to it. And he wrote on one side of the
paper:

                                 HELP!
                              PIGLET (ME)

and on the other side:

                       IT'S ME PIGLET, HELP HELP.

Then he put the paper in the bottle, and he corked the bottle up as
tightly as he could, and he leant out of his window as far as he could
lean without falling in, and he threw the bottle as far as he could
throw--_splash!_--and in a little while it bobbed up again on the water;
and he watched it floating slowly away in the distance, until his eyes
ached with looking, and sometimes he thought it was the bottle, and
sometimes he thought it was just a ripple on the water which he was
following, and then suddenly he knew that he would never see it again
and that he had done all that he could do to save himself.

"So now," he thought, "somebody else will have to do something, and I
hope they will do it soon, because if they don't I shall have to swim,
which I can't, so I hope they do it soon." And then he gave a very long
sigh and said, "I wish Pooh were here. It's so much more friendly with
two."

                 *        *        *        *        *

When the rain began Pooh was asleep. It rained, and it rained, and it
rained, and he slept and he slept and he slept. He had had a tiring day.
You remember how he discovered the North Pole; well, he was so proud of
this that he asked Christopher Robin if there were any other Poles such
as a Bear of Little Brain might discover.

"There's a South Pole," said Christopher Robin, "and I expect there's an
East Pole and a West Pole, though people don't like talking about them."

Pooh was very excited when he heard this, and suggested that they should
have an Expotition to discover the East Pole, but Christopher Robin had
thought of something else to do with Kanga; so Pooh went out to discover
the East Pole by himself. Whether he discovered it or not, I forget; but
he was so tired when he got home that, in the very middle of his supper,
after he had been eating for little more than half-an-hour, he fell fast
asleep in his chair, and slept and slept and slept.

Then suddenly he was dreaming. He was at the East Pole, and it was a
very cold pole with the coldest sort of snow and ice all over it. He had
found a bee-hive to sleep in, but there wasn't room for his legs, so he
had left them outside. And Wild Woozles, such as inhabit the East Pole,
came and nibbled all the fur off his legs to make nests for their Young.
And the more they nibbled, the colder his legs got, until suddenly he
woke up with an _Ow!_--and there he was, sitting in his chair with his
feet in the water, and water all round him!

He splashed to his door and looked out...

"This is Serious," said Pooh. "I must have an Escape."
